We said we'd fight with you,
King Qrow, when the time
comes, and we meant it.
But this isn't
what we agreed to.
These aren't White Walkers.
This isn't an
army of the dead.
This isn't our fight.
If it weren't for him,
none of us would be here.
All of you would be meat in
the Night King's army and
I'd be a pile of charred
bones just like Mance.
Remember Mance's camp?
It stretched all the
way to the horizon.
And look at us now.
Look what's left of us.
And if we lose
this, we're gone.
Dozens of tribes.
Hundreds of generations.
Be like we were
never there at all.
We'll be the last
of the free folk.
That's what'll happen
to you if we lose.
The Boltons, the
Karstarks, the Umbers,
they know you're here.
They know that more than
half of you are women and
children, and they know that.